README.md, before:

# Project-3

Name: Andrew Kerr

Overview/Description: This project is a simple To-Do list. This list is very simple: it will track tasks that you need to 
finish. You will be able to add, delete, and toggle a checkbox to mark items as complete. This project will test my skills with React,
React Router, and Redux.

Functionality: There are 2 pages: todo page, and the contact page. The primary focus is the todo page. The todo page will allow users to add and remove items from their personal todo list. Add items as you need by typing in the title of the task and clicking "Add item." This will add the item to the list, where you can either delete it or toggle it as completed or not. If it is marked as completed, it will be added to the "completed" tab, otherwise it will be added to the "active" tab. The contact page is a page that will use a basic form structure. The data submitted in the form will not be sent anywhere.

Technologies Used: TO BE ADDED LATER

Ideas for future improvement: TO BE ADDED LATER

Commit message:

Fixed the problem with toggling between views that would cause deleted items in a particular view to bug out when switching between other views. Also, minor CSS adjustments were made, and also, finished the readme file for the project.

README.md, after:

# Project-3

Name: Andrew Kerr

Overview/Description: This project is a simple To-Do list. This list is very simple: it will track tasks that you need to 
finish. You will be able to add, delete, and toggle a checkbox to mark items as complete. This project will test my skills with React,
React Router, and Redux.

Functionality: There are 2 pages: todo page, and the contact page. The primary focus is the todo page. The todo page will allow users to add and remove items from their personal todo list. Add items as you need by typing in the title of the task and clicking "Add item." This will add the item to the list, where you can either delete it or toggle it as completed or not. If it is marked as completed, it will be added to the "completed" tab, otherwise it will be added to the "active" tab. The contact page is a page that will use a basic form structure. The data submitted in the form will not be sent anywhere.

Technologies Used: HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap 4, Font Awesome 4.3, React, Redux(foundation was built), 

Ideas for future improvement: Figuring out how to properly add Redux, Add more options to the To-Do list (such as schedule a task), and also, add touch-up the design a little more with CSS.
